snmpwalk: add page (#4748)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/snmpwalk.md

# snmpwalk

> SNMP query tool.
> More information: <https://linux.die.net/man/1/snmpwalk>.

> - Query target system information using SNMPv1 and community string:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Query the system information of a remote host using SNMPv1 and a community string:
```

`snmpwalk -v1 -c {{community}} {{ip}}`

> - Query specific target system information by OID using SNMPv2 on a specified port:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Query specific system information on a remote host by OID using SNMPv2 on a specified port:
```

`snmpwalk -v2c -c {{community}} {{ip}}:{{port}} {{oid}}`

> - Query specific target system information by OID using SNMPv3 and authentication without encryption:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Query specific system information on a remote host by OID using SNMPv3 and authentication without encryption:
```

`snmpwalk -v3 -l {{authNoPriv}} -u {{username}} -a {{MD5|SHA}} -A {{passphrase}} {{ip}} {{oid}}`

> - Query specific target system information by OID using SNMPv3, authentication and encryption:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Query specific system information on a remote host by OID using SNMPv3, authentication, and encryption:
```

`snmpwalk -v3 -l {{authPriv}} -u {{username}} -a {{MD5|SHA}} -A {{auth_passphrase}} -x {{DES|AES}} -X {{enc_passphrase}} {{ip}} {{oid}}`

> - Query specific target system information by OID using SNMPv3 without authentication or encryption:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Query specific system information on a remote host by OID using SNMPv3 without authentication or encryption:
```
